Just you, you said you are the eldest young master of Wanjia
Do you believe this yourself?
I don't believe it.
But it was Chu Lao who said that, okay?
People are always busy
I haven't even seen it a few times
Stop farting here
Get out of here now
Who are you asking to get out of here?
Except why are you here?
This is our place
Am I having a problem here?
I'd like to ask you what's going on here
Except you happened to be this guy.
He sneaked in
He also said that he is the eldest young master of Wanjia
Cheating here
Let you dare to say that our eldest young master is bluffing here
Do you not want to live?
What young master
Master, this is your photo.
If I remember correctly
You also have a blue and black square birthmark on your back.
How do you know
You will understand after reading the report of this wishing mirror.
You didn't lie to me, I'm really the eldest young master, that's right
Here's something else.
I'll give you a detailed report another day.
Come
Send the eldest young master back to his room to rest
Are you from Jie Shao?
Yes yes old
My name is Yao Wenwen.
Wan Jie, he is my boyfriend Yao Wenwen, right?
I advise you to keep your mouth shut before you dare
Sin my eldest young master, I want your life